feat(privacy): update policy to change cloud hosting provider (#3)
trpkit/materials: legal/privacy.mdx

> We use third party services to operate the Services and Website, and we process some or all of your information via these services. These services include: (i) a web performance and security service, Cloudflare; (ii) a cloud hosting service, Microsoft Azure (specifically, the Azure Container Registry, Azure Virtual Machines and Azure Cosmos DB products); and (iii) a payment processing service, Stripe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use third party services to operate the Services and Website, and we process some or all of your information via these services. These services include: (i) a web performance and security service, Cloudflare; (ii) a cloud hosting service, Microsoft Azure (specifically, the Container Registry, Virtual Machine and Cosmos DB products); (iii) a monitoring service, OpenStatus; (iv) an error reporting service, Sentry; and (v) a payment processing service, Stripe.
```
